Add Claude web interface instructions for OAuth MCP connections (#7715)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/app-connections/connect-mcp-host.md

::::

> ::::{tab-item} Claude's web interface

Reviewer: just for space
```suggestion
::::{tab-item} claude.ai
```

Claude's web interface (https://claude.ai) supports OAuth natively, so no additional adapter is required.

> To configure Claude's web interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect from claude.ai:
```

> 1. Log in to https://claude.ai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to https://claude.ai.
```

> 2. Open **Settings → Connectors → Add → Add custom connector**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click your account menu, and then go to **Settings → Connectors → Add → Add custom connector**.
```

2. Enter a name, the URL, and Client ID.

   :::{note}
   Confidential clients also require a Client Secret.
   :::

3. Click **Add**.

> 4. Click **Connect**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter a name, the URL, and Client ID. Confidential clients also require a Client Secret.
4. Click **Add**.
5. Click **Connect**.
```

When the Claude web interface starts the OAuth flow, it listens for the authorization response at `https://claude.ai/api/mcp/auth_callback`.

> If you get an authorization error, be sure to check that your OAuth Client you created in the previous steps had this redirect URI configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get an authorization error, check that [the OAuth client you created](/deploy-manage/app-connections/create-oauth-client.md#create-the-client) includes this redirect URI.
```
